---
layout: post
title: "Winter 2020 Schedule"
date: 2020-01-14
---

The Northwestern R User Group meets several times during the academic year, usually on the Evanston campus.  The group welcomes members of the Northwestern community of all experience levels. 

## February Meeting

**Special Chicago Campus Meeting**


Thursday, February 13, 2020, 4pm

633 N. St. Clair, 18th floor classroom
 
**Recruitment and Engagement Reports in R for NIH funded Mobile Health Study**

Julia Henkins, MPH

Research Specialist at UIC Academic Internal Medicine and Geriatrics
 
Julia will be talking about how she used REDCap and the tidyverse package to capture recruitment and engagement data for a randomized controlled trial.  Her team is evaluating a clinical pharmacist/health coach mobile health intervention for type 2 diabetes management in urban African Americans and Latinos.  They created automated reports for recruitment, retention and health coach activity.
 
Directions: The venue is at 633 N. St. Clair, 18th Floor Classroom, above the Hyatt hotel. Enter along the St. Clair entrance, not the hotel or Starbucks entrance.  Use the elevator to go to the 18th floor. No need to sign in with building security.  The building is a 10-15 minute walk from the Ward Building (last stop of the Intercampus shuttle). If coming by red line CTA, get off at Chicago and State or at Grand. If using Google Maps, search for either the street address above or look for "Institute for Public Health and Medicine (IPHAM).

## Get Involved!

If you have ideas for meeting topics or presenters (including yourself), or would like to take a leadership role in the group, please contact [Christina Maimone](mailto:christina.maimone@northwestern.edu).
